Name
15 ways to avert a climate crisis
Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen
Do schools kill creativity?
Greening the ghetto
When it comes to tech, simplicity sells
Why we do what we do, and how we can do it better
"Letting Go of God" (an excerpt)
Designing the Seattle Central Library
A secular, scientific rebuttal to Rick Warren
Living a life of purpose
 Help stop the next pandemic
 Open-source architecture to house the world
 Unite the world on Pangea Day, a global day of film
The vision behind One Laptop Per Child
Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design
Dazzling set by 11-year-old violinist
Magical improv from 14-year-old pianist
Simple designs that could save millions of childrens' lives
The power and beauty of organic design
Goodbye, textbooks; hello, open-source learning
How a ragtag band created Wikipedia
How blogs are building a friendlier world
What's so funny about the Web?
Finding happiness in body and soul
The science of love, and the future of women
The universe is queerer than we can suppose
What is our place in the cosmos?
What we can learn from spaghetti  sauce
Why do crack dealers still live with their moms?
The paradox of choice
Why are we happy? Why aren't we happy?
My dream about the future of medicine
Why we age and how we can avoid it
Investing in Africa's own solutions
The power of the mobile phone to end poverty
How to fix broken states
Why a free press is the best investment
Entrepreneurs are the future of space flight
Three things to know before you ski to the North Pole
 Finding new cures for migraine, depression, malpractice
 Join my call to action on Africa
 Share the story of Earth's manufactured landscapes
How juries are fooled by statistics
Why people believe strange things
How does technology evolve? Like we did
How technology's accelerating power will transform us
Fighting injustice with a videocamera
"If I controlled the Internet" (a poem)
Secrets of success in 8 words, 3 minutes
The world now eats (and dies) like Americans
Our priorities for saving the world
The "shadow cities" of the future
Cultures at the far edge of the world
Documenting our endangered cultures
Earth in its final century?
How cooperation (eventually) trumps conflict
A guided tour of the Ghost Map
The rise of the amateur professional
A performance merging dance and biology
Four American characters
Hardware solutions to everyday problems
The beckoning promise of personal fabrication
Slowing down in a world built for speed
 Help build the Encyclopedia of Life
 Let's build a health care system in Rwanda
 Share a vital story with the world
"What I Want"
12 sustainable design ideas from nature
A lyrical view of life on Earth
A voyage of DNA, genes and the sea
Apes that write, start fires and play Pac-Man
Architecture is a new way to connect to the world
Art with wire, thread, sugar, chocolate
Decoding the future with genomics
Design is in the details
Great cars are Art
Humanity's biggest problems aren't what you think they are
Inspired ideas for a sustainable future
Measuring the fastest animal on earth
Rolling along, helping students and the third world
Sliced bread and other marketing delights
The double helix and today's DNA mysteries
The truly soft side of software
What separates us from the apes?
Yes, design can make you happy
Your brain is badly wired -- enjoy it! 
A cello performance that casts a spell
A happy song about global warming
Can we know our own minds?
How to listen to music with your whole body
The wisdom of designing Cradle to Cradle
A mockingbird remix of TED2006
After the gold rush, there's innovation ahead
"Kiteflyer's Hill"
"What You Do With What You've Got"
"La Vie en Rose"
A comic send-up of TED2006
An atheist's call to arms
How could God have allowed the tsunami?
Technology's Long Tail
Fiddling in reel time
Inside the Google machine
"Black Men Ski"
The tragedy of suburbia
The future of design is human-centered
Why squatter cities are a good thing
Brain science is about to fundamentally change computing
Swim with giant sunfish in the open ocean
Jaw-dropping Photosynth demo
Seeking salvation and profit in greentech
How to help Africa? Do business there
BumpTop desktop is a beautiful mess
Becoming Buddha -- on the Web
Building the Ground Zero viewing platform
The Pentagon's new map for war and peace
"Blue Room"
Look! Up in the sky! It's Virtual Earth!
New insights on poverty and life around the world
Journey to the center of the Earth ... and beyond!
Ants, terrorism, and the awesome power of memes
Why can't we grow new body parts?
The Web's secret stories
What do we really know about the spread of AIDS?
Is 4 a.m. the new midnight?
Toys that make worlds
Fantastic voyage inside a cell
How I got my new hip
Cheetahs vs. Hippos for Africa's future
Africa as an investment
How I built my family a windmill
Let's have a deeper discussion on aid
Educating a new generation of African leaders
Learning the stories of Africa
Tackling poverty with "patient capital"
"Thula Mama"
"Woza"
Making movies that make change
New prosthetic arm for veterans
Redefining the dictionary
Let's take a new look at African aid
The art of creating creatures
The stuff of thought
A brief history of violence
Scenes from "The War Tapes"
Finding the origins of humanity
Simplicity patterns
10 ways the world could end
Flying on solar wings
Fly me to the moons of Saturn
Hip-hop dance and a little magic
Life at 30,000 feet
Robots that are "self-aware"
The illustrated woman
Our cell phones, ourselves
A journey to the center of your mind
Building a commodities market in Ethiopia
My history of electroshock therapy
Habits of happiness
How creativity is being strangled by the law
Casting spells with DNA
A surprising idea for "solving" climate change
Why can't we grow new energy?
The case for informed optimism
Secrets of movement, from geckos and roaches
African fractals, in buildings and braids
Why design?
Beauty and truth in physics
We must win the oil endgame
Lightning calculation and other "Mathemagic"
Why aren't we all Good Samaritans? 
The lost art of letter-writing
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do
Tales of passion
Help fight local warming
How do ants know what to do?
The mystery box
Underwater astonishments
Treating design as art
Nice building. Then what?
"All the Answers" and "Tembererana"
Rebuilding America, one slide show at a time
The story of a passionate life
A 4-minute medley on the music wars
A surprising look at celebrity
A vision for TED
Getting cars off the road and data into the skies
Sing a song of sustainable cities
All roads lead to Rome Antics
The omnivore's next dilemma
Way-new collaboration
Theremin, the untouchable music
Let's take a nuclear-powered rocket to Saturn
What makes a building unique?
The Jill and Julia Show
Welcome to Vaudeville 2.0
A parable for Kenya
The joy of rockets
WorldWide Telescope
A powerful idea about teaching ideas
On the verge of creating synthetic life
From 1984, 4 predictions about the future (3 of them correct)
My stroke of insight
From 1990, defending a vision for architecture
 Once Upon a School
 Charter for Compassion
 An African Einstein
Building on the green agenda
Looking inside the brain in real time
18 minutes with an agile mind
"M'Bifo"
The true face of Leonardo Da Vinci?
Catch Sputnik mania!
Rethinking the music video
Asking big questions about the universe
New thinking on the climate crisis
Creating tech marvels out of a $40 Wii Remote
Releasing the music in your head
Open-source economics
Bringing world-class health care to the poorest
The universe on a string
Where does creativity hide?
An inside tour of the world's biggest supercollider
Wake up! It's They Might Be Giants
The power to connect the world
6 ways mushrooms can save the world
Can we domesticate germs?
Juggling rhythm and motion
The amazing intelligence of crows
Why we know less than ever about the world
What's wrong with what we eat
Exploring the ocean's hidden worlds
Creating objects that tell stories
Rich hospital, poor hospital
Sculpture that's truly moving
4 ways to improve the lives of the "bottom billion"
Memes and "temes"
A life of fascinations
"Kounandi"
The worldwide web of belief and ritual
Do all languages have a common ancestor?
Picturing excess
The birth of the computer
Your genes are not your fate
How engineers learn from evolution
A new vision for refrigeration
Are children's carseats necessary?
Classical music with shining eyes
One Laptop per Child, two years on
"Clonie"
Breath, music, passion
Stephen Hawking hits zero g
A girl, a photograph, a homecoming
"Everybody" and "Peace on Earth"
A hero of the Congo Basin forest
Using biology to make better animation
How would you feel if you lost everything?
Institutions vs. collaboration
"Mother of Pearl" and "If I Had You"
Let's look for life in the outer solar system
The brain in love
Technology, faith and human shortcomings
My year of living biblically
Brain magic
The wonders of Zulu wire art
What positive psychology can help you become
Telling stories of our shared humanity 
Digging for humanity's origins
The art of collecting stories
Architecture, modern and romantic
Predicting the next 5,000 days of the web
Idea + square = origami
Making a computer that works like the brain
Origami, blindfolded and to music
The search for dark energy and dark matter
Building a family tree for all humanity
Photography connects us with the world
Close-up card magic
Dog-friendly dog training
"The Dog Song"
Re-creating great performances
Can kids teach themselves?
The making of an African activist
Talking and squawking TED2006
The astonishing promise of DNA folding
Taking the next giant leap in space
The Web and TV, a sibling rivalry
Why we don't understand as much as we think we do
Helping humans and animals live together in Africa
How to survive a nuclear attack
A digital library, free to the world
 a ribbon of life
Spinning a story of Mama
Celebrating the camel
Reinventing the school lunch
The real difference between liberals and conservatives
Security and insecurity
10 things to know before you pitch a VC for money
Health, population and the human mind
How ordinary people become monsters ... or heroes 
The power of saying thank you
Come play with Pleo the dinosaur
Chalking it up to the blank slate
How robots will invade our lives
Things I have learned in my life so far
Politics and religion are technologies
Architecture is a special effects machine
Use my photographs to stop the worldwide XDR-TB epidemic
Will videogames become better than life?
Learning from past presidents in moments of crisis
The Web and the city
Sound stylings by a human beatbox
A beautiful new theory of everything
Design and the elastic mind
The power of glamour
Healing and other natural wonders
A brief digression on matters of lost time
Nature vs. humans, and what we can do about it
Creativity, fulfillment and flow
Heartrending pictures of AIDS
Why societies collapse
A 3-minute story of mixed emoticons
Products (and toys) from the future
The story of Ezra, a child soldier
Fly the seas on a submarine with wings
The moment when social media became the news
I walk the Earth
The powerful link between creativity and play
The science of scent
How science is like democracy
Shaking hands with the devil
The story of the Mars Rovers 
Tidying up art
Building a home for the Clock of the Long Now
Fashion, passion, and about a million other things
Welcome to Nollywood
The design of the universe
A surprising parable of foie gras
What I'm worried about, what I'm excited about
Do the green thing
The coming neurological epidemic
Climbing the world's biggest trees
Second Life, where anything is possible
Reinventing the car
Presenting the Orb
The stories and song of Appalachia
The playful search for beauty
Where have the bees gone?
A library of human imagination
Exploring the frontiers of happiness
Does happiness have a price tag?
Life on Mars? Let's look in the caves
 TED in the Field 
How things in nature tend to sync up
Who was General Tso? and other mysteries of American Chinese food
Celebrating the scientific experiment
My journey in design, from tofu to RISD
What can fossils teach us?
Take a ride in the Skycar
How calculus is changing architecture
Ways of seeing
Understanding comics
The art of baking bread
What do consumers really want?
Great design is serious (not solemn)
Design, discovery and humor
Tools for building a better world
An introduction to genomics
A meditation on hope
Inventing the next amazing thing
Earth's mass extinctions
Running on high-tech legs
Hunting the next killer virus
Playing the Cape Breton fiddle
Great ideas for finding new energy
How I'm trying to change the world now
A different way to think about creative genius
How great design makes ideas new
Siftables, the toy blocks that think
The real crisis? We stopped being wise
Beyond the crisis, mindboggling science and the arrival of Homo evolutis
Help me bring music to kids worldwide (TED Prize winner!)
A musical sensation from Venezuela
Here's how to protect the blue heart of the planet (TED Prize winner!)
Why the search for alien intelligence matters (TED Prize winner!)
How Benjamin Button got his face
Sailing the Great Pacific Garbage Patch
Exploring the reef's Twilight Zone
Making art of New York's urban ruins
How Twitter's spectacular growth is being driven by unexpected uses
Why didn't girls play videogames?
 How we re-grew a rainforest
Unveiling the beautiful, fragile world of rainforest treetop ecosystems
Celebrating work -- all kinds of work
Striking chords to rock the jazz world
The three ways that good design makes you happy
Unveiling the "Sixth Sense," game-changing wearable tech
How my legs give me super-powers
Why play is vital -- no matter your age
The next Web of open, linked data
Cute, sexy, sweet and funny -- an evolutionary riddle
Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes)
My quest for the dodo bird, and other obsessions
Nostalgia for a future that never happened
How to grow your own fresh air
Inventing a super-kite to tap the energy of high-altitude wind
From a Nairobi slum, a tale of hope
Cool new things you can do with your mobile phone
Coaching for people, not points
Hunting the next killer virus
Poetry for all seasons of life
Can design save the newspaper?
Fulfilling the dream of flight in a high-tech wingsuit
Restyling the classic Airstream trailer
Military robots and the future of war
My father, my architect
Three predictions on the future of Iran, and the math to back it up
Discovering bacteria's amazing communication system 
A trickster's theory of everything
Busted! The sneaky moves of anti-social smartphone users 
A bold plan for mass adoption of electric cars
How biotech will drive our evolution
Tour the AlloSphere, a stunning new way to see scientific data
How to feel like the Incredible Hulk
Matthew Childs' 9 life lessons from rock climbing
Margaret Wertheim on the beautiful math of coral
Niels Diffrient rethinks the way we sit down
Erik Hersman on reporting crisis via texting
Ben Katchor's comics of bygone New York
 Does race affect votes?
Alex Tabarrok on how ideas trump crises
Michael Merzenich on re-wiring the brain
Sarah Jones as a one-woman global village
Laurie Garrett on lessons from the 1918 flu
 What went wrong at the LHC
Sean Gourley on the mathematics of war
Mae Jemison on teaching arts and sciences together
Tom Shannon's anti-gravity sculpture
Al Gore warns on latest climate trends
Louise Fresco on feeding the whole world
Seth Godin on the tribes we lead
Eric Lewis plays chaos and harmony
 New facts and stunning data visuals
Nandan Nilekani's ideas for India's future
Naturally 7 beatboxes a whole band
Ray Anderson on the business logic of sustainability
Dan Ariely asks, Are we in control of our own decisions? 
 10 things you didn't know about orgasm
 Could a Saturn moon harbor life?
Yves Behar's supercharged motorcycle design
Joachim de Posada says, Don't eat the marshmallow yet
Jay Walker on the world's English mania
Michelle Obama's plea for education
 Why we're storing billions of seeds
Kaki King rocks out to "Pink Noise"
Liz Coleman's call to reinvent liberal arts education 
 A university for the coming singularity
Yann Arthus-Bertrand captures fragile Earth in wide-angle
Publisher Felix Dennis' odes to vice and consequences
Pete Alcorn on the world in 2200
Kevin Surace invents eco-friendly drywall
John La Grou plugs smart power outlets
Nancy Etcoff on the surprising science of happiness
 Learning from the gecko's tail
 "Success is a continuous journey"
 Life in Biosphere 2
 How social media can make history
Diane Benscoter on how cults rewire the brain
 Surgery's past, present and robotic future
Qi Zhang's electrifying organ performance
Philip Zimbardo prescribes a healthy take on time
Paul Collier's new rules for rebuilding a broken nation
 You are the future of philanthropy
Ray Zahab treks to the South Pole
Arthur Benjamin's formula for changing math education
Gever Tulley teaches life lessons through tinkering
Daniel Libeskind's 17 words of architectural inspiration
The design genius of Charles + Ray Eames
Tom Wujec on 3 ways the brain creates meaning
 Escaping the Khmer Rouge
Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infections
Stewart Brand proclaims 4 environmental 'heresies'
 Playing with space and light
Daniel Kraft invents a better way to harvest bone marrow
 Exploring the mind of a killer
Nina Jablonski breaks the illusion of skin color
 Wiring a web for global good
 A kinder, gentler philosophy of success
Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you
Elaine Morgan says we evolved from aquatic apes
 Hold your breath for micro-sculpture
Michael Pritchard's water filter turns filthy water drinkable
 Charter cities
 Biomimicry in action
 The music of a war child
Dan Pink on the surprising science of motivation
Eric Giler demos wireless electricity
 Let my dataset change your mindset
Natasha Tsakos' multimedia theatrical adventure
 One seed at a time, protecting the future of food
Josh Silver demos adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses 
 Post-crash, investing in a better world
 Making sound visible through cymatics
 A leap from the edge of space
 Time-lapse proof of extreme ice loss
Lewis Pugh swims the North Pole
 How we read each other's minds
Vishal Vaid's hypnotic song
 Misha Glenny investigates global crime networks
 3 warp-speed architecture tales
John Lloyd inventories the invisible
 What hallucination reveals about our minds
Imogen Heap plays "Wait It Out"
 The Web as random acts of kindness
 How the Net aids dictatorships
 How I harnessed the wind
Taryn Simon photographs secret sites
 A third way to think about aid
Parag Khanna maps the future of countries 
Tim Brown urges designers to think big
 Let's revive the Golden Rule
 How spectroscopy could reveal alien life
 The power of time off
 How food shapes our cities
David Logan on tribal leadership
 The danger of a single story
 Optical illusions show how we see
 The quirky world of "manspaces"
Eric Sanderson pictures New York -- before the City
 Robots that "show emotion"
 Life lessons from an ad man
Henry Markram builds a brain in a supercomputer
 The 4 ways sound affects us
 The post-crisis consumer
Paul Debevec animates a photo-real digital face
 Lead like the great conductors
 1.3m reasons to re-invent the syringe
 Navigating our global future
 A new way to explain explanation
 Architecture that repairs itself?
 The year I was homeless
 Symmetry, reality's riddle
 The hunt for a supermassive black hole
Matthew White gives the euphonium a new voice
 The balancing act of compassion
 The profound journey of compassion
 Compassion at the dinner table
 Lose your ego, find your compassion
 Expanding your circle of compassion
 The evolution of compassion
 How the Internet enables intimacy
 The refugees of boom-and-bust
 The science behind a climate headline
Edward Burtynsky photographs the landscape of oil
 The surprising spread of "Idol" TV
 The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology
 East vs. West -- the myths that mystify
 Dance to change the world
 Why nations should pursue "soft" power
Gordon Brown on global ethic vs. national interest
Mathieu Lehanneur demos science-inspired design
 Learning from leadership's "missing manual"
Tom Wujec demos the 13th-century astrolabe
 Asia's rise -- how and when
 Transition to a world without oil
 Turning dunes into architecture
 The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting 
 The art of the interview
Sunitha Krishnan fights sex slavery
Scott Kim takes apart the art of puzzles
Rory Bremner's one-man world summit
 How low-cost eye care can be world-class
 Pop culture in the Arab world
 The intricate economics of terrorism
 Photographing the hidden story
 How to make a splash in social media
Charles Anderson discovers dragonflies that cross oceans
James Geary, metaphorically speaking
 A new way to fight corruption
 Fusion is energy's future
Asher Hasan's message of peace from Pakistan
 How to live before you die
 What's the right thing to do?
 Engineering a better life for all
Bertrand Piccard's solar-powered adventure
 The neurons that shaped civilization
 How to live to be 100+
 Exposing the invisible
 The real danger lurking in the water
Herbie Hancock's all-star set
 Really achieving your childhood dreams
 What Bernie Madoff couldn't steal from me
 The uniqueness of humans
 How we rescued the "dancing" bears
Kiran Bir Sethi teaches kids to take charge
 Making maps to fight disaster, build economies
 Stories of Haiti
 All things are Moleeds
 How I held my breath for 17 min
Anthony Atala on growing new organs
 10 young Indian artists to watch
 Rhythm is everything, everywhere
 Growing up in the universe
 What teachers make
 Your health depends on where you live
 Building a theater that remakes itself
 Embrace your inner girl
 A warm embrace that saves lives
 Weird, or just different?
 The fringe benefits of failure
 Solving social problems with a nudge
 The big idea my brother inspired
 A lab the size of a postage stamp
 A new strategy in the war on cancer
 The painter and the pendulum
 How to expose the corrupt
Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos augmented-reality maps
 Teach every child about food
 Innovating to zero!
 The next age of government
 The opportunity of adversity
Kevin Kelly tells technology's epic story
 Four ways to fix a broken legal system
 The wireless future of medicine
 The world needs all kinds of minds
Sean Carroll on the arrow of time (Part 1)
Bobby McFerrin hacks your brain with music
Pawan Sinha on how brains learn to see
 Five lives of an artist
Sean Carroll on the arrow of time (Part 2)
 The riddle of experience vs. memory
 The rise of cricket, the rise of India
 is Pivot a turning point for web exploration?
 Physics is fun to imagine
 Before Avatar ... a curious boy
 In the Internet age, dance evolves ...
 Plug into your hard-wired happiness
 The year open data went worldwide
 Take Turns
 How I fell in love with a fish
 Medical miracle on Everest
 The magic of the placebo
 Suspended animation is within our grasp
 Do what you love (no excuses!)
 Take health care off the mainframe
 Parrots, the universe and everything
 Gaming can make a better world
 We are the stories we tell ourselves
 Science can answer moral questions
 The fight to end rare-animal trafficking in Brazil
 Let's simplify legal jargon!
 Why we need to go back to Mars
 Music is medicine, music is sanity
 Why I do theater
 How to combat modern slavery
 Teaching one child at a time
 And now, the real news 
 How to start a movement
 What adults can learn from kids
 When games invade real life
 The emotion behind invention
 Sex, drugs and HIV -- let's get rational
 My seven species of robot 
 Every pollen grain has a story
Natalie Merchant sings old poems to life
 The danger of science denial
 Photos that changed the world
Catherine Mohr builds green
 Hooked by an octopus
 How art gives shape to cultural change
 A choir as big as the Internet
 Glowing life in an underwater world
James Randi's fiery takedown of psychic fraud
 Bio-lab on a microchip
 Build a tower, build a team
 Political change with pen and paper
 Radical women, embracing tradition 
 Computing a theory of everything
 Why I'm rowing across the Pacific
 Toward a science of simplicity
Lies, damned lies and statistics (about TEDTalks)
 Social experiments to fight poverty
 How great leaders inspire action
 "Love Is a Loaded Pistol"
 How we wrecked the ocean
 India's hidden hotbeds of invention
 The hidden influence of social networks
 Could this laser zap malaria?
 Glimpses of a pristine ocean
 Math class needs a makeover
Julia Sweeney has "The Talk" 
 Why to believe in others
 Can we eat to starve cancer?
 Why I'm a weekday vegetarian
 Pay attention to penguins
 Planning for the end of oil
Craig Venter unveils "synthetic life"
 Bring on the learning revolution!
 Lessons from fashion's free culture
 Inside a school for suicide bombers
 HIV and flu -- the vaccine strategy
Sophie Hunger plays songs of secrets, city lights
 Re-examining the remix
John Underkoffler points to the future of UI
Brian Skerry reveals ocean's glory -- and horror
 The case for anonymity online
 Why we need the explorers
Adam Sadowsky engineers a viral music video
 The lost art of democratic debate
 How poachers became caretakers
 Sweat the small stuff
 Does the world need nuclear energy?
 How architecture helped music evolve
 The pattern behind self-deception
 How YouTube thinks about copyright
 The intriguing sound of marine mammals
 Let's raise kids to be entrepreneurs
Ananda Shankar Jayant fights cancer with dance 
 Measuring what makes life worthwhile
 Intricate beauty by design 
 Education innovation in the slums
 A second opinion on learning disorders 
 Legos for grownups
 How cognitive surplus will change the world
 Retrofitting suburbia
 Following the mercury trail
Carter Emmart demos a 3D atlas of the universe 
 Don't build your home, grow it!
 Fractals and the art of roughness
 Obesity + Hunger = 1 global food issue
 Life science in prison
Hans Rosling on global population growth
 The oil spill's unseen culprits, victims
 When ideas have sex
 Listening to global voices
 The politics of fiction
 Why the world needs WikiLeaks 
 Superheroes inspired by Islam
 How we found hundreds of potential Earth-like planets
 A headset that reads your brainwaves
 The bio-future of joint replacement
Sheena Iyengar on the art of choosing
 What matters more than your talents
 The oil spill's toxic trade-off
 Wiring an interactive ocean
 A monkey economy as irrational as ours
Lewis Pugh's mind-shifting Mt. Everest swim
 How big brands can help save biodiversity
 Our century's greatest injustice 
 The case for same-sex marriage
Peter Molyneux demos Milo, the virtual boy
 The Axis of Evil Middle East Comedy Tour
 Did you hear the one about the Iranian-American?
 The game layer on top of the world
 The beauty of data visualization
 Inside an Antarctic time machine
Jeremy Rifkin on "the empathic civilization"
 Learning from Sherman the shark
 The political chemistry of oil
 What physics taught me about marketing
 The Happy Planet Index
 Let the environment guide our development
 The technology of the heart
 Keep your goals to yourself
 The world's oldest living things
 The child-driven education
 Art of substance and absence
 An independent diplomat
 The true power of the performing arts
 This is broken
 Discovering ancient climates in oceans and ice
 How web video powers global innovation
 Our natural sleep cycle
 How social networks predict epidemics
 Hurdy-gurdy for beginners
 How pig parts make the world turn
 Where good ideas come from
 Mothers helping mothers fight HIV
 Why I am an HIV/AIDS activist  
 The shape-shifting future of the mobile phone
 Shh! Sound health in 8 steps
 The early birdwatchers
 The quantified self
 I am my connectome
Inge Missmahl brings peace to the minds of Afghanistan
 How Mr. Condom made Thailand a better place
 Are mushrooms the new plastic?
Tim Jackson's economic reality check
 Tagging tuna in the deep ocean
 The good news of the decade?
 The best gift I ever survived
 The roots of plant intelligence
 What nonprofits can learn from Coca-Cola
 Haiti's disaster of engineering
 The art of the eco-mindshift
Ze Frank's web playroom
Joel Burns tells gay teens "it gets better"
 Poverty, money -- and love
 The brain in your gut
 Tough truths about plastic pollution
 The power of cartoons
David Byrne sings "(Nothing But) Flowers"
 Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
Joseph Nye on global power shifts
 Sustainable seafood? Let's get smart
 Natural pest control ... using bugs!
Miwa Matreyek's glorious visions
 7 ways games reward the brain
 E-voting without fraud
 Saving the ocean one island at a time
Gero Miesenboeck reengineers a brain
Andrew Bird's one-man orchestra of the imagination
 Teaching design for change
 The path to ending ethnic conflicts
 America's native prisoners of war
 Making global labor fair
 How complexity leads to simplicity
 Teaching kids real math with computers
 A Darwinian theory of beauty
Shimon Schocken's rides of hope
 My green school dream
 Making law on the high seas
 Protecting the brain against concussion
 Women, wartime and the dream of peace
 Why work doesn't happen at work
 Creative houses from reclaimed stuff
 What's wrong with our food system
 The walk from "no" to "yes"
 Why not eat insects?
 How I taught rats to sniff out land mines
 A vision for sustainable restaurants
 A feminine response to Iceland's financial crash
 A call to men
 A police chief with a difference
 New data on the rise of women
 How to learn? From mistakes
 Rufus Griscom + Alisa Volkman
 The case for collaborative consumption
 Changing education paradigms
 Life lessons from big cats
 Why we have too few women leaders
 3 stories of local eco-entrepreneurship
 The power of vulnerability
 Using our practical wisdom
 How to succeed? Get more sleep
 On reading the Koran
 Your brain on improv
 A tool that finds 3x more breast tumors, and why it's not available to you
 The 3 A's of awesome
 A realistic vision for world peace
 We are all cyborgs now
 How I built a toaster -- from scratch
 Take "the Other" to lunch
 Gaming to re-engage boys in learning
 Addicted to risk
 Singing after a double lung transplant
 The economic injustice of plastic
 Visualizing the medical data explosion
 Silicon-based comedy
 Understanding the rise of China
 It's time to redesign medical data
 Drawing upon humor for change
 The council of dads
Jake Shimabukuro plays "Bohemian Rhapsody"
Reviving New York's rivers -- with oysters!
 We are makers
 Social media and the end of gender
 Are we born to run?
 Poems of war, peace, women, power
 How to make work-life balance work
 The rise of personal robots
 Hawa Abdi + Deqo Mohamed
 Using nature's genius in architecture
A whistleblower you haven't heard
 Reconnecting with compassion
 The linguistic genius of babies
 Inspiring a life of immersion
 The future of business is the "mesh"
 On being a woman and a diplomat
 How to use experts -- and when not to
 Saving faces
 Curating humanity's heritage
 Understanding cancer through proteomics
 A modern take on piano, violin, cello
 A historic moment in the Arab world
 Use art to turn the world inside out
 Inside the Egyptian revolution
 How state budgets are breaking US schools
 Printing a human kidney
 Reinventing feminism
 Let's use video to reinvent education
 The birth of a word
 How the market can keep streams flowing
 The social animal
 The sound the universe makes
 A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter
 Why light needs darkness
 If I should have a daughter ...
Hans Rosling and the magic washing machine
 Evolution's gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans
 It's time to question bio-engineering
Eythor Bender demos human exoskeletons
 Singing the primal mystery
 Don't insist on English!
 Cracking Stuxnet, a 21st-century cyber weapon
 The genius puppetry behind War Horse
 Google's driverless car
 A virtual choir 2,000 voices strong
 Hands-on science with squishy circuits
 Listen, learn ... then lead
 Everyday compassion at Google
 The greatest TED Talk ever sold
 The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist
 Looking past limits
 "If I Could Be Anywhere"
 Big history
 The antidote to apathy
 Remaking my voice
 Open-sourced blueprints for civilization
 Transplant cells, not organs
 A radical experiment in empathy
 On being wrong
John Hunter on the World Peace Game
 What it takes to do extreme astrophysics
 3 things I learned while my plane crashed
 Are we ready for neo-evolution?
 The security mirage
 Using nature to grow batteries
 A next-generation digital book
 Turning trash into toys for learning
 Beware online "filter bubbles"
 The mothers who found forgiveness, friendship
 Architecture that senses and responds
 Grow your own clothes
 Distant time and the hint of a multiverse
 The hidden beauty of pollination
 Tales of ice-bound wonderlands
 Silk, the ancient material of the future
 The hidden power of smiling
 Building a museum of museums on the web
 My friend Richard Feynman
 A light switch for neurons
 Building the Seed Cathedral
 The mystery of chronic pain
 The weird, wonderful world of bioluminescence
 How to tie your shoes
 Gotta share!
 Artfully visualizing our humanity
 How we'll stop polio for good
 Art in exile
 Faith versus tradition in Islam
Robert Gupta and Joshua Roman duet on "Passacaglia"
 Authentic creativity vs. karaoke culture
 Making a car for blind drivers
 7 rules for making more happiness
 Making sense of a visible quantum object
 Wearing nothing new
Damon Horowitz calls for a "moral operating system"
 Building a dinosaur from a chicken 
 Taking imagination seriously
 The world's first charter city?
 Is anatomy destiny?
 Break the silence for suicide survivors
 Medicine's future? There's an app for that
 How I became 100 artists
 A manifesto for play, for Bulgaria and beyond
 Haunting photos of polar ice
 This is beatjazz
Maya Beiser(s) and her cello(s) 
 A future beyond traffic gridlock
 Different ways of knowing
 A circle of caring
 A history of the universe in sound
 On being just crazy enough
 A civil response to violence
 A Rosetta Stone for the Indus script
 Meet e-Patient Dave
 Building a park in the sky
 Try something new for 30 days
 Cooking as never seen before
 The beautiful tricks of flowers
 Don't take consciousness for granted
 Caring for engineered tissue
 Let's take back the Internet!
 A global culture to fight extremism
 Trial, error and the God complex
 See Yemen through my eyes
 Fighting viruses, defending the net
 Embracing otherness, embracing myself
 How algorithms shape our world 
A robot that flies like a bird
 Time to end the war in Afghanistan
 The surprising math of cities and corporations
 The origins of pleasure
 Ending hunger now
 5 ways to listen better
 After your final status update
 Wireless data from every light bulb
 How language transformed humanity
 Are we filtering the wrong microbes?
 The demise of guys?
 Suddenly, my body
 The shareable future of cities
 The great penguin rescue
 One day of peace
 Finding planets around other stars
 The magic of truth and lies (and iPods)
 Beware conflicts of interest
 DNA clues to our inner neanderthal
 Pay attention to nonviolence
 Can we make things that make themselves?
 Compassion and the true meaning of empathy
 Unintended consequences
 My father the forger
 Making matter come alive
 Shake up your story
 Does democracy stifle economic growth?
 Hire the hackers!
 The art of wearable communication
 Welcome to the genomic revolution
 The conscience of television
 The Generosity Experiment
 The 6 killer apps of prosperity
What we learned from 5 million books
 Selling condoms in the Congo
 Fighting a contagious cancer
 Doodlers, unite!
 A doctor's touch
 A short intro to the Studio School
 Filming democracy in Ghana
 Battling bad science
 A flirtatious aria
 The generation that's remaking China
 Finding life we can't imagine
 Less stuff, more happiness
 We can recycle plastic
 Trusting the ensemble
 What do babies think?
 How beauty feels
 The day I turned down Tim Berners-Lee
 How to spot a liar
 My mushroom burial suit
 Learning from a barefoot movement
 Freeing energy from the grid
 How cyberattacks threaten real-world peace
 A prosthetic arm that "feels"
 Art made of storms
 How economic inequality harms societies
 The divided brain
 The strange tale of the Norden bombsight
 Open-source cancer research
 FBI, here I am!
 Trust, morality -- and oxytocin
 A plane you can drive
 The real reason for brains
 Augmented reality, techno-magic
 Crowdsourcing the news
 The right to understand
 The line between life and not-life
 High-tech art (with a sense of humor)
 Ancient wonders captured in 3D
 A map of the brain
 The shared experience of absurdity
 Six ways to save the internet
 Open science now!
 Conception to birth -- visualized
 Fly with the Jetman
 A 12-year-old app developer
 Experiments that hint of longer lives
 Science versus wonder?
 How games make kids smarter
 Being young and making an impact
 How to defend Earth from asteroids
 The technology of storytelling
 Nature. Beauty. Gratitude.
 A garden in my apartment
 Living beyond limits
 Philosophy in prison
 Don't regret regret
 How to stop torture
 What we learn before we're born
 Dance vs. powerpoint, a modest proposal
 Building the musical muscle
 Don't misrepresent Africa
 How many lives can you live?
 How to topple a dictator
 Massive-scale online collaboration
 The magnificence of spider silk
 Ultrasound surgery -- healing without cuts
 There are no mistakes on the bandstand
 The world's smallest 3D printer
 What happens when an NGO admits failure 
 The hidden light of Afghanistan
 Color-coded surgery
 Put a value on nature!
 Cooking as alchemy  
 An unexpected place of healing
  My subversive (garden) plot
 Medicine for the 99 percent
 The quest to understand consciousness
 A prosthetic eye to treat blindness
 The battle between your present and future self
 There are no scraps of men
 How healthy living nearly killed me
 Life's third act
 The global power shift
 1000 TEDTalks, 6 words
 Change our culture, change our world
 Can astronomers help doctors?
 Be suspicious of stories
Award-winning teen-age science in action
 Animations of unseeable biology
Morley sings "Women of Hope"
  Thorium, an alternative nuclear fuel
The debut of the British Paraorchestra
 Meet the Water Canary 
 Atheism 2.0
 Three types of online attack
 Why SOPA is a bad idea
 How to make choosing easier
 The beautiful math behind the ugliest music
 Plant fuels that could power a jet
 Is there a real you?
 A primer on 3D printing
 Extreme swimming with the world's most dangerous jellyfish
 Doctors make mistakes. Can we talk about that?
 Women entrepreneurs, example not exception
 Hedonistic sustainability
 The hidden world of box-packing
 Why I chose a gun
 Treating cancer with electric fields
 The happy secret to better work
 The universal anesthesia machine
 Back to the future (of 1994)
 Hooked by an octopus
 Let's bridge the digital divide!
 The secret structure of great talks
 How your brain tells you where you are
 The moral dangers of non-lethal weapons
 Globalizing the local, localizing the global
 Shape-shifting dinosaurs
 Impossible photography
 Everyday leadership
 Deaf in the military
 The toxic baby? 
 What you don't know about marriage
Inara George sings 'Family Tree'
 Crowdsource your health
 How do you save a shark you know nothing about?
 Digital humanitarianism
 The true cost of oil
 Look up for a change
 2600 years of history in one object
 Comedy is translation
 Using tech to enable dreaming
 Saving for tomorrow, tomorrow
 My immigration story
 All your devices can be hacked
 The sibling bond
 Why videos go viral
 A census of the ocean
 The ocean's shifting baseline
 The Earth is full
 Abundance is our future
 Robots that fly ... and cooperate
 The power of introverts
 We need to talk about an injustice
 The clues to a great story
 Why I must speak out about climate change
 Coding a better government
A TED speaker's worst nightmare 
 Design to challenge reality
 Why you will fail to have a great career
The cockroach beatbox
Questions no one knows the answers to
Deep ocean mysteries and wonders
How simple ideas lead to scientific discoveries
 Religion, evolution, and the ecstasy of self-transcendence
 The $8 billion iPod
 Beautiful artificial limbs
 Victims of the city
 Let's transform energy -- with natural gas
 The single biggest health threat women face
 Yup, I built a nuclear fusion reactor
 Everyday moments, caught in time
 Make data more human
 Let's talk about dying
 The missing link to renewable energy
 From mach-20 glider to humming bird drone
 Unlock the intelligence, passion, greatness of girls
 Building blocks that blink, beep and teach
 A magical tale (with augmented reality)
 Inventing is the easy part
 I am a pirate
The secret life of plankton
 Connected, but alone?
 Designing books is no laughing matter. OK, it is.
 On the virtual dissection table
 How can technology transform the human body?
Put the financial aid in the bag
 The other inconvenient truth
 Half a million secrets
 Moral behavior in animals
 Let's put birth control back on the agenda
 How I repaired my own heart
 Building US-China relations ... by banjo
 How do we heal medicine?
 How I beat a patent troll
 The stories behind the bloodlines
 Older people are happier
 Tracking ancient diseases using ... plaque
 Is our universe the only universe?
 How to buy happiness
 The 4 commandments of cities
 Texting that saves lives
 How to use a paper towel
 Gaming for understanding
 A giant bubble for debate
 A 40-year plan for energy
 Sculpting waves in wood and time
 Tracking the trackers
 Perspective is everything
 A teen just trying to figure it out
 From stigma to supermodel
 Music and emotion through time 
 Information is food
 Feats of memory anyone can do
 404, the story of a page not found
 Cheese, dogs, and pills to end malaria
 The optimism bias
 The mathematics of history
 How to build your creative confidence
 How to look inside the brain
 One year of turning the world inside out
 The sea we've hardly seen
 What's left to explore?
 Religions and babies
 The journey across the high wire
 HIV -- how to fight an epidemic of bad laws
Reggie Watts disorients you in the most entertaining way
 A reality check on renewables
 Revealing the lost codex of Archimedes
 The attitudes that sparked Arab Spring
 What your designs say about you
 Dancing with light 
 ET is (probably) out there -- get ready
 Identity without a name
 Will our kids be a different species?
 What we didn't know about penis anatomy
 Why is 'x' the unknown?
 Mining minerals from seawater
 Design, explained.
 A new way to diagnose autism
 We are all designers
 What if our healthcare system kept us healthy?
 The shared wonder of film
 Archeology from space
 The myth of the gay agenda
 Pop an ollie and innovate!
 Women should represent women in media
 Lessons from death row inmates
 Are we over-medicalized?
 The electric rise and fall of Nikola Tesla
 The 100,000-student classroom
 How to air-condition outdoor spaces
 Tour the solar system from home
 India's invisible innovation
 Advice to young scientists
 Reinventing the encyclopedia game
 How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination
 Four principles for the open world
 A tale of mental illness -- from the inside
Boaz Almog "levitates" a superconductor
 How I'm preparing to get Alzheimer's
 What's your 200-year plan?
 A novel idea for cleaning up oil spills
 A young guitarist meets his hero
 The game that can give you 10 extra years of life
 Meet your microbes
 The future race car -- 150mph, and no driver
 A vision of crimes in the future
 New ways to see music (with color! and fire!)
 How to fool a GPS
 Capturing memories in video art 
 Experiments that point to a new understanding of cancer
 Let's crowdsource the world's goals
 Sometimes it's good to give up the driver's seat
 Image recognition that triggers augmented reality
 I listen to color
 The greatest machine that never was
 "Technology crafts" for the digitally underserved
 A Navy Admiral's thoughts on global security
 Your phone company is watching 
 Finding the story inside the painting
 Imaging at a trillion frames per second
 Building unimaginable shapes
 Every city needs healthy honey bees
 When a reporter becomes the story
 Behind the Great Firewall of China
 A teacher growing green in the South Bronx
 What we're learning from online education
 (Re)touching lives through photos
 The mad scientist of music
 Is life really that complex?
 Fighting with non-violence
 Dare to disagree
 A test for Parkinson's with a phone call
 How we can eat our landscapes
 Embrace the remix
 What's a snollygoster? A short lesson in political speak
 Can democracy exist without trust?
 How to step up in the face of disaster
 Strange answers to the psychopath test
 Design for people, not awards
 The art of creating awe
 Before I die I want to...
 The power of the informal economy
 The rise of human-computer cooperation
 Sculpted space, within and without
 Energy from floating algae pods
 Brilliant designs to fit more people in every city
 Why eyewitnesses get it wrong
 Mental health for all by involving all
 The voices of China's workers
 The promise of research with stem cells
 A choreographer's creative process in real time
 Demand a more open-source government
 The global food waste scandal
 The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain
 Why architects need to use their ears
 What is the Internet, really?
 Demand a fair trade cell phone
 A story about knots and surgeons
 The currency of the new economy is trust
 Are droids taking our jobs?
 What we're learning from 5,000 brains
 How the Internet will (one day) transform government
 An animated tour of the invisible
 What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe
 A thousand times no
 Making sense of maps
 Let's prepare for our new climate
 Your body language shapes who you are
 Between music and medicine
 Terrorism is a failed brand
 The self-organizing computer course
 Weaving narratives in museum galleries
 Smart failure for a fast-changing world
 Online video -- annotated, remixed and popped
 Making sense of maps
 Let's prepare for our new climate
 What's so funny about mental illness?
 Let's pool our medical data
 Terrorism is a failed brand
 Science is for everyone, kids included
 The secret lives of paintings
 3 ways to (usefully) lose control of your brand
 Talk nerdy to me
 Actually, the world isn't flat
 My battle to expose government corruption
 The strange politics of disgust
 A child of the state
 Metal that breathes
 A cyber-magic card trick like no other
 Why democracy matters
 How open data is changing international aid
 The secret of the bat genome
 Healthier men, one moustache at a time 
 What I've learned from my autistic brothers
 Want to be happier? Stay in the moment
 A new mission for veterans -- disaster relief
 The beautiful nano details of our world
 The tragedy of orphanages
 The future of lying
 4 lessons in creativity
 How I started a sanitary napkin revolution!
 Love letters to strangers
 The arts festival revolution
 Your brain on video games
 The cheap all-terrain wheelchair
Teenaged boy wonders play bluegrass
 Want to help someone? Shut up and listen!
 How to solve traffic jams
 A broken body isn't a broken person
 Why I love vultures
 Forget multitasking, try monotasking
 Why global jihad is losing
 A bath without water
 Lessons in business -- from prison
 Could tissue engineering mean personalized medicine?
Lemon Andersen performs "Please don't take my Air Jordans"
 Pool medical patents, save lives
 How to separate fact and fiction online
 A Saudi, an Indian and an Iranian walk into a Qatari bar ...
 The dance of the dung beetle
 Why bother leaving the house?
 Excuse me, may I rent your car?
 Beware neuro-bunk
 A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time
 What we learned from teetering on the fiscal cliff
 A love story?
 What fear can teach us
 Re-engineering mosquitos to fight disease
 A cinematic journey through visual effects
 How common threats can make common (political) ground
 How a boy became an artist
 Ethical riddles in HIV research
 All it takes is 10 mindful minutes
 A father-daughter dance ... in prison
 Biohacking -- you can do it, too
 Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model.
 Could the sun be good for your heart?
 How movies teach manhood
 What I saw in the war
 Kids need structure
 A universal translator for surgeons
 Why domestic violence victims don't leave
 A new kind of job market
 Let's teach kids to code
 Fifty shades of gay
 A country with no water
 I think we all need a pep talk
 Why Libya's revolution didn't work -- and what might
 Hey science teachers -- make it fun
 One second every day
 Print your own medicine
 Take back your city with paint
 Dare to educate Afghan girls
 A "self-healing" asphalt
 Who controls the world?
 The secret to desire in a long-term relationship
 Be an artist, right now!
 A monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. No, really.
 Could your language affect your ability to save money?
 Three myths about corruption
 Use data to build better schools
 How a fly flies
 Agile programming -- for your family
 Gorgeous photos of a backyard wilderness worth saving
 Dance, tiny robots!
 Build a School in the Cloud
 A clean energy proposal -- race to the top!
 The art of asking
 How to fight desertification and reverse climate change
 How we found the giant squid
 A guerilla gardener in South Central LA
 A girl who demanded school
 "To This Day" ... for the bullied and beautiful
 The way we think about charity is dead wrong
 Your brain is more than a bag of chemicals
 The dawn of de-extinction. Are you ready?
 The good news on poverty (Yes, there's good news)
 Play with smart materials
 The Internet could crash. We need a Plan B
 The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ...
 My escape from North Korea
 We need better drugs -- now
 Virtual Choir Live
 We're covered in germs. Let's design for that.
 One very dry demo
 My invention that made peace with lions
 Neuroscience, game theory, monkeys
 The technology of touch
 How a dead duck changed my life
 A skateboard, with a boost
 We the People, and the Republic we must reclaim
 The emergence of "4D printing"
 Watson, Jeopardy and me, the obsolete know-it-all
 4 pillars of college success in science
 A mini robot -- powered by your phone
 What makes us feel good about our work?
 Health care should be a team sport
 The Philosophical Breakfast Club
 Let's talk crap. Seriously.
 Toward a new understanding of mental illness
 In search of the man who broke my neck
 Parkinson's, depression and the switch that might turn them off
 My journey to yo-yo mastery
 Txtng is killing language. JK!!!
 The death of innovation, the end of growth
 The key to growth? Race with the machines
How much does a video weigh?
 If cars could talk, accidents might be avoidable
 10 top time-saving tech tips
 Got a meeting? Take a walk
 My radical plan for small nuclear fission reactors
 Your online life, permanent as a tattoo
 Every kid needs a champion
 The economic case for preschool
 Learn to read Chinese ... with ease!
 Teachers need real feedback
 3 rules to spark learning
 "High School Training Ground"
 My story, from gangland daughter to star teacher
 Our failing schools. Enough is enough!
 "True Colors"
 The key to success? Grit
 How to escape education's death valley
 Why 30 is not the new 20
 The surprising need for strangeness
 The invisible man
 Hack a banana, make a keyboard!
 Why Google Glass?
 The why and how of effective altruism
 Embrace the shake
 Prepare for a good end of life
 Architecture for the people by the people
 The violin, and my dark night of the soul
 Why I brought Pac-Man to MoMA
 Violence against women -- it's a men's issue
 Bring back the woolly mammoth!
 How books can open your mind
 Love, no matter what
 How behavioral science can lower your energy bill
 How I named, shamed and jailed
 Could we speak the language of dolphins?
 How I made an impossible film
 What will future jobs look like?
 The astounding athletic power of quadcopters
 Imagine a European democracy without borders
 The kill decision shouldn't belong to a robot
 A Saudi woman who dared to drive
 How we can predict the next financial crisis
 Meet BRCK, Internet access built for Africa
 The family I lost in North Korea. And the family I gained.
 How to reduce poverty? Fix homes
 Photos from a storm chaser
 The doubt essential to faith
 Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem?
 Anatomy of a New Yorker cartoon
 How we'll resurrect the gastric brooding frog, the Tasmanian tiger ...
 Why we will rely on robots
 A tale of two political systems
 The surprising seeds of a big-data revolution in healthcare
 Reach into the computer and grab a pixel
 Bluegrass virtuosity from ... New Jersey?
 Meet global corruption's hidden players
 Why we should build wooden skyscrapers
The interspecies internet? An idea in progress
 A promising test for pancreatic cancer ... from a teenager
 Sex needs a new metaphor. Here's one ...
 The voice of the natural world
 Cloudy with a chance of joy
 Where is home?
Two young scientists break down plastics with bacteria
 The orchestra in my mouth
 Our shared condition -- consciousness
 DJ decks made of ... paper
 In our baby's illness, a life lesson
 Bitcoin. Sweat. Tide. Meet the future of branded currency.
 How a penny made me feel like a millionaire
 A 3D-printed jumbo jet?
 The fastest ambulance? A motorcycle
 Spider-Man, The Lion King and life on the creative edge
 How can Formula 1 racing help ... babies?
 The polyphonic me
 For argument's sake
 Design for all 5 senses
 Ingenuity and elegance in ancient African alphabets
 The voices in my head
 In the key of genius
 The dangers of "willful blindness"
 Emergency shelters made from paper
 Why do we sleep?
 A mouse. A laser beam. A manipulated memory.
 Making peace is a marathon
 Why I fell in love with monster prime numbers
 How to make stress your friend
 The rise of the new global super-rich
 Your body is my canvas
 For more wonder, rewild the world
 The museum of you
 How technology allowed me to read
 3 reasons we still haven't gotten rid of malaria
 The art of misdirection
 Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it
 Why bees are disappearing
 Mapping ideas worth spreading
 Leather and meat without killing animals
 Why mayors should rule the world
 The fiction of memory
 The pursuit of ignorance
 What we don't understand about trust
 Why our IQ levels are higher than our grandparents'
 Confessions of a depressed comic
 The unheard story of David and Goliath
 Life that doesn't end with death
 How I hacked online dating
 Psychedelic science
 Can technology solve our big problems?
 Why business can be good at solving social problems
 Why we shouldn't trust markets with our civic life
 New York's streets? Not so mean any more
 Peace is possible
 Let's treat violence like a contagious disease
 Adventures in Twitter fiction
 The walkable city
 We need a heroic narrative for death
 Ingenious homes in unexpected places
 Why privacy matters
 Who am I? Think again
 Let's go all-in on selling sustainability
 Africa's next boom
 An ode to envy
 Why our universe might exist on a knife-edge
 Architecture at home in its community
 Government -- investor, risk-taker, innovator
 A simple solution to the coming phosphorus crisis
 Life in the "digital now"
 Why stay in Chernobyl? Because it's home.
 The art of bow-making
 The deadly genius of drug cartels
 What I discovered in New York City  trash
 How the NSA betrayed the world's trust -- time to act
 The magic of Fibonacci numbers
 Is China the new idol for emerging economies?
 Design with the blind in mind
 The link between unemployment and terrorism
 What doctors can learn from each other
 Massively multi-player ...  thumb-wrestling?
 A drone's-eye view of conservation
 Ecology from the air
 Meet the robots for humanity
 No roads? There's a drone for that
 How your "working memory" makes sense of the world
 How societies can grow old better
 What is so special about the human brain?
 Want to be happy? Be grateful
 Invest in social change
 Body parts on a chip
 Let's try emotional correctness
 My underwater robot
 What I learned from Nelson Mandela
 My glacier cave discoveries
 The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death
 Inside the secret shipping industry
 A new vision for rebuilding Detroit
 Welcome to the age of the industrial internet
 Depression, the secret we share
 The $80 prosthetic knee that's changing lives
 Does money make you mean?
 Never, ever give up
 How an obese town lost a million pounds
 I got 99 problems... palsy is just one
 Don't kill your language
 A bold new way to fund drug research
 Why dieting doesn't usually work
 How to build an information time machine
 To hear this music you have to be there. Literally
 Profit's not always the point
 A needle-free vaccine patch that's safer and way cheaper
 So we leaned in ... now what?
 How I learned to stop worrying and love "useless" art
 Robots with "soul"
 A little-told tale of sex and sensuality
 His and hers ... healthcare
 As work gets more complex, 6 rules to simplify
 How I beat stage fright
 Why massive open online courses (still) matter
 Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime
 Want to be an activist? Start with your toys
 Puppies! Now that I've got your attention, complexity theory
 Meet a young entrepreneur, cartoonist, designer, activist ...
 How we turned the tide on domestic violence (the Polaroid helped)
 The world is one big dataset. Now, how to photograph it ...
 How architectural innovations migrate across borders
 A new equation for intelligence
 Art that craves your attention
 Does the media have a "duty of care"?
 Paper beats plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore
 The investment logic for sustainability
 Synthetic voices, as unique as fingerprints
 Love -- you're doing it wrong
 A new way to grow bone
 What it takes to be a great leader
 Are we designed to be sexual omnivores?
 We're all hiding something. Let's find the courage to open up
 Why good hackers make good citizens
 A word game to communicate in any language
 Can the damaged brain repair itself?
 What we can learn from galaxies far, far away
 The 3 agencies with the power to make or break economies
 How data will transform business
 Could future devices read images from our brains?
 Government surveillance -- this is just the beginning
 A 50-cent microscope that folds like origami
 My DNA vending machine
 Can we all "have it all"?
 You don't need an app for that
 The birds and the bees are just the beginning
 The neuroscience of restorative justice
 How I help transgender teens become who they want to be
 The long reach of reason
 To launch a new era of openness in business
 Here's how we take back the Internet
 What I learned from going blind in space
 The NSA responds to Edward Snowden's TED Talk
 Where's Google going next?
 My daughter, Malala
 Suicidal crickets, zombie roaches and other parasite tales
 To create for the ages, let's combine art and engineering
 The strangeness of scale at Twitter
 The new bionics that let us run, climb and dance
 The unstoppable walk to political reform
 Why I must come out
 It's TED, the Musical
 The discovery that could rewrite physics
 Why giving away our wealth has been the most satisfying thing we've done
 Teach teachers how to create magic
 How public spaces make cities work
 Hidden miracles of the natural world
 The sore problem of prosthetic limbs
 Be passionate. Be courageous. Be your best.
 Should you live for your resume ... or your eulogy?
 For parents, happiness is a very high bar
 The flower-shaped starshade that might help us detect Earth-like planets
 My life in typefaces
 Embrace the near win
 How synchronized hammer strikes could generate nuclear fusion
 A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think)
 Success, failure and the drive to keep creating
 The best computer interface? Maybe ... your hands
 Autism -- what we know (and what we don't know yet)
 Are athletes really getting faster, better, stronger?
 Get your next eye exam on a smartphone
 The emergent patterns of climate change
 What does the future hold? 11 characters offer quirky answers
 Color blind or color brave?
 And for my next trick, a robot
 The military case for sharing knowledge
 Comics that ask "what if?"
 How sampling transformed music
 How to rob a bank (from the inside, that is)
 What ants teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet
 The bridge between suicide and life
 The smelly mystery of the human pheromone
 The Museum of Four in the Morning
 Why good leaders make you feel safe
 Save the oceans, feed the world!
 How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are
 How augmented reality will change sports ... and build empathy
 How to talk to veterans about the war
 Why veterans miss war
 How the teddy bear taught us compassion
 A glimpse of life on the road
 The hunt for "unexpected genetic heroes"
 How I started writing songs again
 Get ready for hybrid thinking
 The psychology of your future self
 Why people need poetry
 The secrets of nature's grossest creatures, channeled into robots
 What the gay rights movement learned from the civil rights movement
 I'm not your inspiration, thank you very much
 the Internet's immune system
 The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest
 Why truly innovative science demands a leap into the unknown
 The world's largest family reunion, and we're all invited!
 Is religion good or bad? (This is a trick question)
 How to make hard choices
 3 ways to speak English
 Two poems about what dogs think (probably)
 Why your worst deeds don't define you
 What's wrong with your pa$$w0rd?
 Why we should trust scientists
 The DIY orchestra of the future
 How to speak so that people want to listen
 The 1s and 0s behind cyber warfare
 The loves and lies of fireflies
 Which country does the most good for the world?
 Can prejudice ever be a good thing?
 Why I love a country that once betrayed me
 Want to innovate? Become a "now-ist"
 A 30-year history of the future
 Our unhealthy obsession with choice
 How do you explain consciousness?
 A tool to fix one of the most dangerous moments in surgery
 Sculptures that'd be at home in the deep sea
 What humans can learn from semi-intelligent slime
 Are you human?
 An ultra-low-cost college degree
 How giant websites design for you (and a billion others, too)
 The dark secrets of a surveillance state
 How animations can help scientists test a hypothesis
 Why I live in mortal dread of public speaking
 Own your body's data
 Beware, fellow plutocrats, the pitchforks are coming
 How prisons can help inmates live meaningful lives
 Why ordinary people need to understand power
 The danger of silence
 A Magna Carta for the web
 How I brought a river, and my city, back to life
 Why lunch ladies are heroes
 Compulsive cats, depressive dogs -- what animal madness means for us humans
 Can we prevent the end of the world?
 Crop insurance, an idea worth seeding
 Find your voice against gender violence
 Don't like clickbait? Don't click
 Please, please, people. Let's put the 'awe' back in 'awesome'
 Why does the universe exist?
 How to live passionately, no matter your age
 How to grow a tiny forest anywhere
 My father, who I never got to kill
 I am the son of a terrorist. Here's how I chose peace.
 A park underneath the hustle and bustle of New York City
 How not to be ignorant about the world
 Wry photos that turn stereotypes upside down
 What makes us get sick? Look upstream.
 What's the next window into our universe?
 Why a good book is a secret door
 A river that flows invisibly all around us
 Big data is better data